.TH GNTP-REGISTER 1 "October 12, 2011" "GNTP User Manuals" "Version 1.0"
.SH NAME
.PP
gntp-register - send Growl Notification Transport Protocol register
requests
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
gntp-notify [-s] [-H \f[I]host\f[][:\f[I]port\f[]]] [-P
\f[I]password\f[]] [-p \f[I]priority\f[]] -a \f[I]application\f[] -n
\f[I]notification\f[] -t \f[I]title\f[] -m \f[I]message\f[]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
gntp-register registers applications and notifications with Growl to
enable gntp-notify messages to be displayed.
.PP
Applications are message source.
Typically they are identified in Growl by the application's common name.
Since gntp-notify sends notifications on behalf of other processes, this
name can be any descriptive name identifying the message source.
.PP
Notifications in Growl identify the class of message being sent.
They are short names such as \[lq]File updated\[rq], or \[lq]New
message\[rq].
From a Growl user perspective, notifications allow more granular format
control for messages.
Multiple notification names can be registered.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B -a \f[I]application\f[]
Name of the application to register.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B -H \f[I]host\f[][:\f[I]port\f[]]
Host to send the notification message to.
Defaults to localhost if blank.
Port may also be defined if using a non-standard listening port on the
client.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B -n \f[I]notification\f[]
Name of the notification to register.
Multiple notifications may be registered using multiple -n options.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B -P \f[I]password\f[]
Password of the receiving Growl client.
.RS
.RE
.SH STANDARDS
.PP
gntp-register sends Growl Notification Transfer Protocol version 1.0
transactions.
.SH SECURITY CONSIDERATIONS
.PP
gntp-register does not used GNTP encryption.
Users should be aware that any information sent in the notification is
transmitted in the clear.
.SH AUTHOR
.PP
Al Payne <alpayne@pleiades.com>
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
BSD license
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
gntp-notify
.SH AUTHORS
Al Payne.
