.TH GNTP-NOTIFY 1 "October 12, 2011" "GNTP User Manuals" "Version 1.0"
.SH NAME
.PP
gntp-notify - Growl Notification Transport Protocol notifier
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
gntp-notify [-s] [-H \f[I]host\f[][:\f[I]port\f[]]] [-P
\f[I]password\f[]] [-p \f[I]priority\f[]] -a \f[I]application\f[] -n
\f[I]notification\f[] -t \f[I]title\f[] -m \f[I]message\f[]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Send notification messages to Growl.
Applications must register (see gntp-register) with Growl before
notifications will be displayed.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B -a \f[I]application\f[]
Name of the application sending the notice.
Must match a previously registered application name.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B -H \f[I]host\f[][:\f[I]port\f[]]
Host to send the notification message to.
Defaults to localhost if blank.
Port may also be defined if using a non-standard listening port on the
client.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B -m \f[I]message\f[]
The message text to be displayed on the Growl client.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B -n \f[I]notification\f[]
Name of the notification as defined in Growl.
Must match a previously registered notification name.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B -P \f[I]password\f[]
Password of the receiving Growl client.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B -p \f[I]priority\f[]
Optional priority level for the message.
A higher number indicates a higher priority.
Valid values are between \[en]2 and 2, with a default of 0.
In Growl this translates to \[lq]Very Low\[rq], \[lq]Moderate\[rq],
\[lq]Normal\[rq], \[lq]High\[rq], \[lq]Emergency\[rq].
This is a display hint for the Growl display which may be ignored.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B -s
Display hint asking the Growl display to make the message sticky (stay
up until clicked).
May be ignored.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B -t \f[I]title\f[]
The title of the message to be displayed on the Growl client.
.RS
.RE
.SH STANDARDS
.PP
gntp-notify sends Growl Notification Transfer Protocol version 1.0
transactions.
.SH SECURITY CONSIDERATIONS
.PP
gntp-notify does not used GNTP encryption.
Users should be aware that any information sent in the notification is
transmitted in the clear.
.SH HISTORY
.PP
gntp-notify was originall based on mattn's gntp-send.
.SH AUTHOR
.PP
Al Payne <alpayne@pleiades.com>
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
Copyright 2011 - Al Payne - Licensed under the BSD license
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
gntp-register
.SH AUTHORS
Al Payne.
